MSR Depletion Capability (#156)
idaholab/virtual_test_bed: doc/content/msr/msr_generic/depletion/model.md

defined here in this block. Since we are performing isotopic depletion, the primary purpose
of this block is to set up the [!style color=red](grid_variables) = 'Burnup' and
[!style color=red](scalar_fluxes) = 'flux' and not to operate on the macroscopic cross sections
defined here.

!listing msr/msr_generic/depletion/norem1G.i
         block=Materials

### Executioner and Outputs

The `[Executioner]` block tells the solver what type of problem
it needs to solve.
Here, we select [!style color=orange](Transient) as the executioner
type which will solve the depletion problem for the isotopic evolution
of the system given the time steps laid out in the `[TimeStepper]`.

!listing msr/msr_generic/depletion/norem1G.i
         block=Executioner

Additionally, the output block sets the output files from the simulation.
Two of the most common options include the exodus and csv file.
In this case only a csv output file is currently possible where the csv file 
stores a summary of the solution.

!listing msr/msr_generic/depletion/norem1G.i
         block=Outputs

### Vector Post-processors

The last blocks are for post-processors, debug options, and outputs.

> A post-processor can be thought of as a function to derive a variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A post-processor can be thought of as a function to compute a quantity
```
